Is the mind the same as the brain, or do we have souls?
Can computers think, or fall in love?
Can computers be creative?
What is consciousness?
Can we really know what it feels like to be a bat?
When you have a toothache, is the pain in your mouth or in your brain?
What is an emotion?
Is love just a feeling?
How is love different from passion or sexual desire?
Are emotions irrational?
Which would you rather be - an unhappy human being or a happy dog?
What is the meaning of life?
Is happiness the most important purpose in life?
Is it always better to have more choices?
Does freewill really exist?
If there is no freewill, should we punish people at all?
If God knows what you will do tomorrow, do you still have freewill?
Does God exist?
If God exists, why is there so much evil in the world?
Can God create a stone so heavy that he cannot lift?
Can there be two almighty Gods?
Can there be morality without God?
Is morality relative?
Is it objectively wrong to torture innocent babies just for fun?
Is abortion ever permissible?
Is it wrong to have children, if you don't know whether they want to be born?
What is wrong with incest?
What is friendship and why do we need it?
What is art?
Is there progress in art?
Can food be art?
Is it wrong to spend money on expensive food when people are dying of hunger?
If someone is drowning and you refuse to help, are you responsible for his death?
Why do we punish people?
Is it alright to torture terrorists to extract information?
When is it ok, if ever, to disobey the law?
Is it the main purpose of law to promote morality?
Should governments penalize people for unhealthy lifestyles?
Why ban drugs and not alcohol or trans-fat?
Should prostitution be made legal?
Is there such a thing as sexual perversion?
What is wrong with having sex with animals?
How much freedom should people have?
Are people free to sell themselves into slavery?
Why think there are universal human rights?
Is democracy the same as decision by the majority?
Should people who pay more taxes get more votes?
Is democracy suitable for all countries?
When should governments intervene in the market?
Is there a difference between free trade and fair trade?
What is wrong, if anything, about protectionism?
Is patriotism irrational?
Can wars ever be just?
Should people have the right to live in any country they wish?
Is the preservation of culture a good reason to limit immigration?
Is race a biological category or a social construct?
Are you the same person you were ten years ago?
What is a person? Is it the mind, or the body?
Do we think with language or pictures?
Why do we dream?
Can animals reason?
What about fish, oysters and tomatoes?
Do animals have rights?
If we eat chickens, why not dogs, dolphins, or babies?
If super-intelligent aliens want to eat humans, are they wrong?
If meat can be grown using stem cells, is there any reason not to eat meat?
Should we let people commit suicide when they are terminally ill?
Should we kill coma patients on life support to provide more resources to others?
Should organ donation be made compulsory?
Should organ donors be financially compensated?
Is it wrong to grow brain dead babies to harvest their organs?
Why should we respect the dead?
Should we fear death?
Is life meaningless if we can live forever?
What are numbers and do they really exist?
Does Sherlock Holmes exist?
Why is there something rather than nothing?
What is time?
Does time flow? How fast does it flow?
Can something be at two places at the same time?
Is time travel possible?
If you can travel back in time, can you kill your earlier self?
If you go back in time and teach young Einstein relativity theory, where does the idea come from?
Are there parallel universes?
Does every event have a cause?
"This sentence is false." Is it true or false?
"It will rain a week later." Is it true or false or neither?
Is truth relative, or a matter of opinion?
How do you know you are not dreaming right now?
If we live in a computer simulation, does it make a difference to the meaning of life?
Would you choose to live in a computer simulation if it will make you a lot happier?
Can we be certain of anything?
What is science?
Why is mathematics so important in science?
Is mathematics the same as logic?
Why believe in electrons and blackholes if we can't see them?
Can there be two different theories of the world, both true and complete?
How should we distinguish between good and bad scientific theories?
Is science compatible with religion?
Is there progress in philosophy?
What is philosophy anyway?
Is it worse to fail at something or never attempt it in the first place?
if you could choose just one thing to change about the world, what would it be?
To what extent do you shape your own destiny, and how much is down to fate?
Does nature shape our personalities more than nurture?
Should people care more about doing the right thing, or doing things right?
What one piece of advice would you offer to a newborn infant?
Where is the line between insanity and creativity?
What is true happiness?
What things hold you back from doing the things that you really want to?
What makes you, you?
What is the truth?
What is reality?
Do you make your own decisions, or let others make them for you?
What makes a good friend?
Why do people fear losing things that they do not even have yet?
Who defines good and evil?
What is the difference between living and being alive?
Is a “wrong” act okay if nobody ever knows about it?
Who decides what morality is?
How do you know that your experience of consciousness is the same as other people’s experience of consciousness?
what is true strength?
What is true love?
Is a family still relevant in the modern world?
What role does honour play in today’s society?
If money cannot buy happiness, can you ever be truly happy with no money?
How do you know your perceptions are real?
How much control do you have over your life?
What is freedom?
Isn’t one person’s terrorist another person’s freedom fighter?
What happens after we die?
What defines you?
What do people strive for after enlightenment?
Do we have a soul?
What is intelligence?
How should people live their lives?
If lying is wrong, are white lies okay?
Is trust more important than love?
is it easier to love or be loved?
Is it better to love and lose or never to love?
Do aliens exist?
The structure of DNA appears to be intelligently designed, what are the implications?
If everything evolved from amoebas, how does the world still have amoebas?
is life all a dream?
When does consciousness begin?
what are numbers?
Can we have happiness without sadness?
How did the universe begin?
is there a supreme power?
What is education?
What will happen at the end of the world?
Is there a reason to life?
Where does the soul live?
Is it more important to be liked or respected?
Does sound happen if nothing is present to hear it?
What is infinity?
Where does the universe end?
Does observation alter an event?
Does the Law of Attraction exist?
How does gravity work?
Where were people before they were born?
What is beauty?
Where do thoughts come from?
Is mind or matter more real?
What is time?
How can people believe in truths without evidence?
Does God exist?
How can we know that He exists?
Does God have a nature?
Does God have properties?
Can we gain knowledge about God’s nature or properties?
Is God the source of all reality?
What does it mean to say that God is transcendent over His creation?
Is God the source of morality?
What is Morality?
What is Good?
What is Evil?
How can we tell what is Good and Evil?
Why should I be moral at all?
Are humans just physical entities or do they have an immaterial self?
Do humans have an essential nature?
Do humans have free-will?
Are humans morally responsible for the things they think, do, intend, etc.?
Does the personal identity of a human persist through change?
What are the anthropological implications of determinism?
If we can prod the brain and produce a physical or even a mental effect, what implications follow?
How can God know the future?
Does God know counter-factuals?
Is God within time or outside of time?
What is time?
Is time a physical entity or a metaphysical entity?
How can humans have free-will and God be sovereign all at the same time?
Is science compatible with religious belief / Christianity?
What is science?
Is there only one scientific method?
Do the findings of science imply naturalism or materialism?
Which fields of study count as science?
What theological implications follow from the findings of Quantum Physics?
Is scientism a rational view?
Isn’t Evil incompatible with God’s being real?
Do God’s “omni” properties make sense?
Can God do anything? Even something logically incoherent?
What is Truth?
How can only one religion be true?
How can one effectively compare different religions or views to see which one is true?
Is the trinity a coherent concept?
How could God become a man?
What does it mean to say that Jesus has two natures?
What are miracles?
Are miracles possible?
Can we examine ancient documents and gain knowledge from them?
Can we know certain truths without evidence? 
Do abstract objects exist?
If abstract objects exist, what is God’s relation to them?
Do universals exist?
